[Hunt Tuning] Add Descriptions, Collapse Queries and Re-Generate Docs (#3791)
elastic/detection-rules: hunting/windows/docs/microsoft_office_child_processes_with_low_occurrence_frequency.md

```sql
from logs-endpoint.events.process-*, logs-windows.sysmon_operational-*, logs-system.security-*
| where host.os.family == "windows" and @timestamp > NOW() - 15 day and
  event.category == "process" and event.action in ("start", "Process creation", "created-process") and

>   process.parent.name.caseless in ("winword.exe", "excel.exe", "powerpnt.exe") and not starts_with(process.executable, "C:\\Program Files")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to_lower(process.parent.name) in ("winword.exe", "excel.exe", "powerpnt.exe") and not starts_with(process.executable, "C:\\Program Files")
```

// normalize user home profile paths

> | eval process_path = replace(process.executable.caseless, """[c]:\\[u][s][e][r][s]\\[a-zA-Z0-9\.\-\_\$]+\\""", "c:\\\\users\\\\user\\\\")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| eval process_path = replace(to_lower(process.executable), """[c]:\\[u][s][e][r][s]\\[a-zA-Z0-9\.\-\_\$]+\\""", "c:\\\\users\\\\user\\\\")
```
